doc: recommend git-node-v8 (#43934)
nodejs/node: doc/contributing/maintaining-V8.md

Abandoned V8 branches are supported in the Node.js repository. The fix needs
to be cherry-picked in the Node.js repository and V8-CI must test the change.

> As an example for how to backport changes, consider the bug [RegExp show
> inconsistent result with other browsers](https://crbug.com/v8/5199). From the
> bug we can see that it was merged by V8 into 5.2 and 5.3, and not into V8 5.1
> (since it was already abandoned). Since Node.js `v6.x` uses V8 5.1, the fix
> needed to be backported.

Reviewer: Let's keep the link on one line, imo it's easier to read.
```suggestion
As an example for how to backport changes, consider the bug
[RegExp show inconsistent result with other browsers](https://crbug.com/v8/5199).
From the bug we can see that it was merged by V8 into 5.2 and 5.3, and not into
V8 5.1 (since it was already abandoned). Since Node.js `v6.x` uses V8 5.1, the
fix needed to be cherry-picked.
```

#### Backporting with `git-node` (recommended)

You can use [`git-node`][] to help you backport patches. This removes
some manual steps and is recommended.

Here are the steps for the bug mentioned above:

1. Install `git-node` by installing [`node-core-utils`][].
2. Install the prerequisites for [`git-node-v8`][].
3. Find the commit hash linked-to in the issue (in this case a51f429).
4. Checkout a branch off the appropriate _vY.x-staging_ branch (e.g.
   _v6.x-staging_ to fix an issue in V8 5.1).
5. Run `git node v8 backport a51f429`.

> 6. If there are conflicts, `git-node` will wait for you to resolve them.

Reviewer: This could be clarified I think. Are we suppose to stage the changes? To commit them?

   `git-node` will prompt you to resolve them in another terminal and then
   enter `RESOLVED`:

```console
$ git node v8 backport a51f429
✔ Update local V8 clone
❯ V8 commit backport
  ✔ Get current V8 version
  ✔ Generate patches
  ❯ Apply and commit patches to deps/v8
    ❯ Commit a51f429772d1
      ⠏ Apply patch
      ◼ Increment embedder version number
      ◼ Commit patch

? Resolve merge conflicts and enter 'RESOLVED' ‣
```

7. After you resolve conflicts (or if there are no conflicts), the
   output should look like this:

```console
$ git node v8 backport a51f429
✔ Update local V8 clone
✔ V8 commit backport
```

8. Open a PR against the v6.x-staging branch in the Node.js repository.
   Launch the normal and [V8 CI][] using the Node.js CI system. We only
   needed to backport to v6.x as the other LTS branches weren't affected
   by this bug.

See [`git-node-v8-backport`][] for more documentation and additional options.

> #### Backporting manually (not recommended)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Backporting manually
```

Author: I also removed "(not recommended)" from the other header I added below. Do you think that the "(recommended)" part should stay; or should I remove those too?

Reviewer: The "(recommended)" bit is OK (unless someone else thinks there's a reason not to recommend it?), I just don't think it's necessary to insist that the manual process is "not recommended" (I would reserve that wording for something that's dangerous or can have unforeseen consequences).

From the bug we can see that it was merged by V8 into 5.2 and 5.3, and not into
V8 5.1 (since it was already abandoned). Since Node.js `v6.x` uses V8 5.1, the
fix needed to be backported.

#### Backporting with `git-node` (recommended)

You can use [`git-node`][] to help you backport patches. This removes
some manual steps and is recommended.

Here are the steps for the bug mentioned above:

1. Install `git-node` by installing [`node-core-utils`][].
2. Install the prerequisites for [`git-node-v8`][].
3. Find the commit hash linked-to in the issue (in this case a51f429).
4. Checkout a branch off the appropriate _vY.x-staging_ branch (e.g.
   _v6.x-staging_ to fix an issue in V8 5.1).
5. Run `git node v8 backport a51f429`.
6. If there are conflicts, `git-node` will wait for you to resolve them:

```console
$ git node v8 backport a51f429
✔ Update local V8 clone
❯ V8 commit backport
  ✔ Get current V8 version
  ✔ Generate patches
  ❯ Apply and commit patches to deps/v8
    ❯ Commit a51f429772d1
      ⠏ Apply patch
      ◼ Increment embedder version number
      ◼ Commit patch

? Resolve merge conflicts and enter 'RESOLVED' ‣
```

> Resolve conflicts by opening another terminal and staging resolutions
> to the merge conflicts. Once you fixed the conflicts, return to
> `git-node` and enter `RESOLVED`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Resolve conflicts, stage the files (you may need to open another terminal or use
a GUI git client), then return to the terminal running `git-node`, type
`RESOLVED`, and hit <kbd>Enter</kbd>.
```
